Install Jenkins 
Install plugins
Copy the initial password
create users or skip now
---skip now 
    manage jenkins -> manage users -> change password
Enable auto refresh
 create a job
 build it
 check the console output
PEOPLE: To find the no of users but can not change anything on it..
BUILD HISTORY: To see all the jobs run by Jenkins
CREDENTIALS: To add credentials of svn,git tomcat,etc.. by admin without sharing it to the users
 Credentials -> System -> Global Credentials-> Add Credentials
BUILD QUEUE:
BUILD EXECUTOR STATUS:If there are 4 jobs to be run at the same time and the Build executor status has only two..2 jobs will be building the rest will be sent to Build Q
                      We can manage the no of build executors



MANAGE JENKINS:  Configure Systems

                Home directory: The path of jenkins
   		System Message: Message will be shown on the home page
		No of executors: no of executors can be managed
		LABELS:  Labels will be given to The Jenkins slave while configuring it. The Master Jenkins will decide the jobs to be run in any Jenkins Slave using labels
		Quiet period: The time gap between the builds in the same job
		SCM checkout retry count: Used with the poll scm.
		Environment Varialbles: Define varialble. It can be used in entire jenkins



		CONFIGURE GLOBAL SECURITY:
		
		Enable Security: Turn it on else using the ip anyone can login and perform the admin task
		 ----Jenkins have the own user database---
		-> Disable allow uers to signup


		Authorization : enabling Any one can do anything is equal to diabling security..Never do it
                                Logged in users can do anything
				Anonymous read option
				Matrix based Security: Be careful. Jenkins server will be locked If usersgroups to add is null. Give admin user name
				Add users and give them the access
                                PROJECT BASED AUTHORIZATION:similar to Matrix based but w.r.t Project
  		CONFIGURE CREDENTIALS:
		     Can configure the credentials
		GLOBAL TOOL CONFIGURATION: 
			ALL tools like Git,Docker,Maven etc..paths are given here.
MANAGE USER: Create user modify user delete user

Master-Slave :  Take an instance and install java
                Manage Jenkins ==> Manage Nodes ==> Create New node==> click Permanent agent

               Remote root directory: Give the path where the jobs are to be build and data is stored 
               Labels: give the label name so it can be called during building jobs. restrict where the project can be run
               Select usage jobs build with the label expression matching jobs
               Host: Give the slave ip adress
               Add key: select ssh username with private key
               username: ec2-user
               click enter directly and paste the pem key 
               HostKey Verification: select non verifying verification strategy
               save and exit
               create a job in master and select restrict where this project can be run and select the label
               build the job.


Parallel Builds: When a regression test is running and a smoke test is needed to be performed then the parallel builds come to rescue

Select concurrent jobs if necessary
		  
